---
created: 2026-04-03T13:19:45
modified: 2026-04-03T13:19:45
---










Infinity Meeting Thur Mar 26th

Galley  Zoom + Bento

CRP $556 per month
API access $95 per month
db metrics access $95
EDI connections 
Kitchen location costs
$278 per month commissary kitchen

separation of custom items vs. standard items.

- BEO Notes (currently on the invoice builder)
 
---
Menu - Galley

Vendors
Alchohol
Custom Items

|_ Queue Sheets
|_ Packlist

Invoices tied to the contract, always add and alway can change a date


Infinity  
---
Event -  can be duplicated and assigned to another deal

confirmed in house items, vs not confirmed in house items
Rental, labor, security
Catering

Bar - Custom Bar items ,  specialty bar orders show up in bar and mirror in non-confirmed

Vendors - Confirmed, Confirmed added to Contract, not confirmed . No custom items.
Venue  Fees(if something doesnt have an item, it doesnt appear on the contract)

Discounts? Chart of Accounts, which sections. Menu Item only for discounts or Total Contract, full contract items Order of Importance. 

*have to add a menu item to add something - need to be able to add Custom Item, but would need to select chart of accounts

Invoice Schedules - more static, but populates the same every time. 
Venue, type, date (from today relative to event start date)

drag and drop items across sections.

CC processing fee needs to be displayed on history and receipts for Accounting + Client
Invoice needs Infinity Address

when adding things, if its not a confirmed 
potentially showing payments by section. 

Contracts need versioning

uuid for invoices and payments [Date] + [Venue/Name] + [Generic incrementing #]

anytime guest count is altered, needs to update Galley AND updates alchohol BEO

HUBSPOT -> BEO

template menu items are not static. can update the template descriptions withough affecting all other invoices/menus that have the item

Discount templates.

Payment Schedules - 

*creating items easier - create custom items are no longer one-offs, they can be saved and moved to saved category

**anything with property for price to be billed needs to have chart of accounting. 

*search for inventory product to add, doesnt make them startover again.

Improved search functionality for products. curretnly hard lined to categories. needs full semantic search.

*hot list for sections. preselected links to most used items. maybe pinned or bookmark  with Star Icon

---