---
created: 2026-04-03T11:23:12
modified: 2026-04-03T11:23:12
---










omp - created ~/Documents/_agents/NEXTSTEPS.md
Key insight captured:
 You don't have "an agent" — you have a harness launcher that spins up sessions 

FRICTION: each harness has its own conventions and configurations. im being pushed into creating file structures and documents to contain the 'soul' and 'identify'--i have surrealDB. i feel like i should lean into Anima and Dev-Brain for this...

agent created 
~/Documents/_agents/primitives/skills/dense-summarization/SKILL.md
but i wasnt clear in my intent so it may or may not be useful.
FRICTION: working with agents, there is a distinct gap of knowledge of work. some details i dont care about. i just need the high level summarization. 
the "who, what, where, when, and why", so to speak. but also there needs to be a constant 're-contextualization'. thats the issue. i have 10+ (or more) projects and each time, i have to re-contextualize myself and then do the work to re-contextualize the Assistant

FRICTION: im finding that in mid sessions with various cli harnesses, providers, models, etc that i need to spin off tasks. i have to open a new terminal window, start a new session but i feel like i should just have actual specialized agents that in can have. i dont know if these should be the harness 'subagent' or if i create dedicated 'agents' in my _agent core stack and try to use the harness to 'invoke'

rhys tool from twiter [executor.sh](https://github.com/RhysSullivan/executor). i like the concept, but i think its shortsided. there are 9-10 primitives and there should be a system that covers all of this. lets install though and see what happens.
/Users/jcbbge/Documents/projects/oss/jumpdrive/gemini_convo_jumpdrive.md

jaymin west Youtube has been an incredible resource. he's been building tooling and he talks about [https://github.com/jayminwest/sapling](https://github.com/jayminwest/sapling). its his opionated view on context window management. makes sense, but i have my own views.(i.e. context panes, microfiche)

examined another opionated framework. almost adopted but decided not to. instead combined the best parts of all three. decided that 2 threads of thought--executor and sappling are two different things but related.